Remove config profile flags from pcr and update responses from show virtual cluster (#18488)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.1/cutover-replication.md

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
SHOW VIRTUAL CLUSTER main WITH REPLICATION STATUS;
~~~

The `retained_time` response provides the earliest time to which you can cut over.

~~~

>   id | name | source_tenant_name |              source_cluster_uri               |         retained_time         |    replicated_time     | replication_lag | cutover_time |   status

Reviewer: The column headers do not match with the data, so it is hard to know what is the value for `retained_time`. Please align the headers with the data.

Author: fixed

-----+------+--------------------+-----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+--------------+--------------

>    3 | main | main               | postgresql://{user}:redacted@{hostname}:26257?options=-ccluster%3Dsystem&sslmode=verify-full&sslrootcert=redacted | 2024-04-18 10:07:45.000001+00 | 2024-04-18 14:07:45+00 | 00:00:19.602682 |         NULL | replicating

Reviewer: I see `options=-ccluster%3Dsystem`. Is this correct or should it be `options=-ccluster%3main`?

Author: No actually I needed to update this to a new format, thanks for the reminder!

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
ALTER VIRTUAL CLUSTER main COMPLETE REPLICATION TO SYSTEM TIME '+5h';
~~~

A future cutover will proceed once the replicated data has reached the specified time.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> To monitor for when the replication stream completes, use `SELECT * FROM [SHOW JOBS] WHERE job_type = 'REPLICATION STREAM INGESTION';` to find the replication stream's `job_id`, which you can pass to `SHOW JOB WHEN COMPLETE job_id`. Refer to the `SHOW JOBS` page for [details]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/show-jobs.md %}#parameters) and an [example]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/show-jobs.md %}#show-job-when-complete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor for when the replication stream completes, do the following:

1. Find the replication stream's `job_id` using `SELECT * FROM [SHOW JOBS] WHERE job_type = 'REPLICATION STREAM INGESTION';`
1. Run `SHOW JOB WHEN COMPLETE job_id`. Refer to the `SHOW JOBS` page for [details]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/show-jobs.md %}#parameters) and an [example]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/show-jobs.md %}#show-job-when-complete).
```
